README.md, before:

# Microprocessor-Experiment
 
- Setup keil MDK development environment in vscode: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kqx5ySmTHuw>
- Why do header files even exist? <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOQZlD-0Scc&t=281s>
- How to create a library and split a program across multiple files | C programming tutorial <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8gsHFBW7zY>
- Makefiles make your life easier <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWLkyN_Satk>
- Class videos: <https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8UUpsd7hljNwhshD2209-Vk665IoGuxR>
- Experiment videos: <https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8UUpsd7hljPofq96Rsq_DzeZ0_vLobyI>

## Weekly Content

| Week No. | Content            |
| :------: | ------------------ |
|    1     | Environment setup. |
|    2     | CKCU + GPIO        |
|    3     | ADC                |
|    4     | TM                 |
|    5     | I2C                |
|    6     | SPI                |
|    7     | PWM                |
|    8     | PWM + ADC          |
|    9     | EXTI               |

## Dependencies

1. Toolchain: MDK-Lite Version 5.38.0.0
2. Compiler: Keil v5 ARMCLANG V6.19
3. Firmware Pack: HT32_STD_5xxxx_FWLib_V1.5.1_7084
4. Firmware Pack Subversion: MDK_ARMv537
5. Core: HT32F52352
6. Dev Board: ESK32-30501
7. Eval Board: ESK300

Commit message:

Add more docs
1. Rename experiment steps files
2. Add board specs.
3. Modify readme

README.md, after:

# Microprocessor-Experiment
 
Note: All of this is made possible by Prof. Yu-Ping Liao and senior students who made the initial version, modify and improve year by year.

## Related Links

- Setup keil MDK development environment in vscode: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kqx5ySmTHuw>
- Why do header files even exist? <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOQZlD-0Scc&t=281s>
- How to create a library and split a program across multiple files | C programming tutorial <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8gsHFBW7zY>
- Makefiles make your life easier <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWLkyN_Satk>
- Class videos: <https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8UUpsd7hljNwhshD2209-Vk665IoGuxR>
- Experiment videos: <https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8UUpsd7hljPofq96Rsq_DzeZ0_vLobyI>

## Weekly Content

| Week No. | Content            |
| :------: | ------------------ |
|    1     | Environment setup. |
|    2     | CKCU + GPIO        |
|    3     | ADC                |
|    4     | TM                 |
|    5     | I2C                |
|    6     | SPI                |
|    7     | PWM                |
|    8     | PWM + ADC          |
|    9     | EXTI               |

## Dependencies

1. Toolchain: MDK-Lite Version 5.38.0.0
2. Compiler: Keil v5 ARMCLANG V6.19
3. Firmware Pack: HT32_STD_5xxxx_FWLib_V1.5.1_7084
4. Firmware Pack Subversion: MDK_ARMv537
5. Core: HT32F52352
6. Dev Board: ESK32-30501
7. Eval Board: ESK300
